and now you've just come is it Russia
you've just been in Russia during the
tour yes six hours ago Wow yeah yeah
it's very fast yeah well could you speak
Russian don't you I do is it one of
those good things where people don't
know you speak Russian yeah it is
sometimes it's pretty nice when like the
driver has no idea that you actually
understand everything that he's saying
about you it's never really nice things
anyways so you can't wait till the end
of the drive to call him out on it but
yeah I did learn the first time I did
press in Russia how truly different the
translation is like people don't always
translate the right way
okay these base I mean and my coaster I
still get translations in their ears
it's never right it's always it is my
first time I was going hot it's
interesting do they kind of bland out
the questions yeah it's like an
interpretation of the question and
sometimes it's worse and sometimes it's
better which is why it's always like a
different answer at times yeah it's
weird
but now you were just a little girl when
you left was the Ukraine you were born
in yeah it's morning Trinity Ukraine big
town huge have you heard of it huge
there your YouTube
D'Oench we've been doing it for an hour
but yeah it came in 91 Subin it would
have been very easy just to lose the
language living in the state yeah mom
yeah but I speak question with my
grandparents okay yeah my parents yeah
so still at home you would speak Russian
yeah cuz it's quite a it's what a oh god
it is mm-hmm
I didn't realize that until it's pointed
out to me but apparently it probably
says slightly harsh language which to me
it sounds very romantic I mean I think
it's a great language but I've been told
it sounds like Klingon like I I'll talk
to my dad and he'll call him be like how
are you and I'm like I'm great he's like
I miss you and I'm like I miss you Chu
house mom he's like mommy's great but
apparently to most people it sounds like
it's just a lot of expression and
passion yeah it's a very language oh
it's so we I'm being honest wracked is
because while you're talking I eat so I
mean this must happen all the time but
I'm just hearing meg from Family Guy I
do get the one thing that I get the most
of his shut up Meg on the street
all the time shut up Meg
[Music]
you